0,staff is nervous  
2 The place is nice with about 10 tables and old pictures of the owners house and family back in NY. 
1 The pepperoni and sausage was excellent. 
1 The pizza was thin and crispy and the crust was crispy on the outside but soft and chewy in the middle. 
0 The one drawback is that the lunch and dinner services are separated by a two hour buffer, a brilliant tactical move by the Starwood Resorts field commanders that prevents the usual two-for-one battlefield ruse.
1 Concentrate on seafood and the Morroccan items. 
0 Not that they're not good,but there's so much better stuff available.
1 Including desserts!
1 I had my fill on sushi, chocolate crepes, cotton candy, fruit tarts, fried rice, salad, etc. This place has such a wide range of food that you'll definitely find something good to eat. 
1  Pepperoni pizza slice - okay I could've probably skipped out on this 
1 Fish and chips, ribs, and quesadillas. 
1 We had a cup of orange juice that tasted like soap; we believed the cup did n't get properly rinsed. 
0 On top of that, we received our drinks from our waitress and saw her maybe once more for the rest of our 2 hour meal. 
2 Ambiance : It just feels like a place that will disappoint. 
2 It just looks terrible and it's laid out so you can only walk along the food area to get from one side to another. 
1 The soft serve ice cream is the same Custard type of ice cream served in the Paris buffet and it is simply my fav. 
0 On top of that, we received our drinks from our waitress and saw her maybe once more for the rest of our 2 hour meal. 
2 on a recent trip to vegas we hit up this buffet for the champagne brunch and all i can say is DAMN! 


2 Ambiance :2 or 5 It just feels like a place that will disappoint. 
1 The dessert crepes were incredible. 
1 The only advice I would give is : Avoid the pizza,Mexican and Italian dishes. 
1 I especially enjoyed the mediterranean selection that they offered. 
1 There's a bit of everything and the dessert station is definitely the highlight. 
1 Expecting the typical bland sauce, lame dough, flat, almost stale. ..
1 Crab legs, shrimp, oysters. 
0 However, our waitress was a beeeee-atch. 
1 the food was good, and my two stand outs were : The sausage & peppers which tasted like i was eating back home in Little Italy in N.Y.C. 
1 At dinner, some of the food was pretty good, like the tandoori chicken, seafood enchiladas, and the barbecue ribs, but most of it was just ok. 
1 The salad bar area was sort of disappointing, there was n't much in the way of toppings. 
0 The service was decent, but that changed the next day. 
1 The tri-tip steak was delicious, potatoes were good, fruit was decent, most the other stuff ( eggs, pastries etc. ) was ok. 
1 The high light for me was the made to order waffles and omelets during brunch, everything else was mediocre at best, the Chinese food section needed much improvements especially. 
1 The eggs in their eggs benedict were fried where the yolk was solid, they had corn beef hash that was dry. 
2 The real problem is the renovation going on at the Aladdin. 
2 It's a little annoying, and it seems like some of the dining rooms are a little cramped. 
2 The dining room we were seated in had a main walkway to get back to the food but it was so tight that at a couple points only one person could walk through at a time. 
1 Have some champaign over brunch to boot.
1 Watermelons were crisp and juicy, and they had lichee which was bomb. 
1 The crepe was really good becuase they put strawberries or peaches and glaze on up with chocolate. 
1 The asian part was a little dissapointing tho, maybe because im asian and i know what the good stuff is. ..
1 The service was good too, never saw the bottom of my glass. 
1 Their lobster pasta was " SERIOUS " disappointment, as was their sushi. 
0 Service is A-1 as well! ! ! 
0 Wait service is excellent, courteous, knowledgable of menu and it's items and worth the visit. 
1 Their fish is always fresh, the seasonings inventive, and the presentation professional. 
1 Unfortunately, the guacamole looked sad, grey, and machine processed. 
1  The Mid-Eastern bar looked much more promising while I filled my plate with hummus, dolmas, tabouli, pita, and if I remember correctly, some kinda of zucchini dish. 
1 Unfortunately, the guacamole looked sad, grey, and machine processed. 
1  First, it's in a basement, and feels like it. 
1 They were labeled. 
1 Different flavors. 
1 The deserts are mainly cupcakes.
1 OK, they did have some cookies and soft serve ice cream, but every Chinese buffet has that. 
1 Cupcakes everywhere. 
1 It's sad because this place used to be tops. 
1 I just wish there was more seating inside the restaurant.
1 So I did n't want to return but for some reason my hubby wanted to give them another shot tonight. 
1 And do n't get me started on the penne pasta that came with it. 
1 I should've went to Costco and had a decent slice at a great price. 
1 The food is great but the staff ls very slow and unprofessional. 
1 Also, I tried them twice, the time being almost a year or more between visits. 
1 Both times the quality of the food was very weak. 
0 The guys that work here are the most rude food service people that I have come across. 
0 Horrible customer service. 
0  On a positive note, service was great.
0  Service was pretty good. 
0  I waited over 30 minutes to be seated. 
0  The wait staff seemed disgruntled and when my friend asked for another glass of water, the waitress picked up my husband's yet to be sipped from glass and handed it to her. 
1 The icing, on many of them, is straight up whipped butter and lacking any other flavor aside from " Heart attack ". 